When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A remote repository is ideal if you want other people to collaborate with you on your project.  Also, it is good to sync your project
with the cloud so that all of your work can be backed up.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with you remote repository?

There may be things on the remote repository that you don't want synced to your local account.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would use one instead of another?

A clone is a copy of a repository.  Any commits made to the clone will made to the repository when a push is done.  A branch is a branch off of the master, used to make alternate code. A fork is like a clone, except that it is a clone done on Github's servers. You'd want to do a fork if you want to clone someone's code and do your own enhancements to it, without worrying about it affecting their code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You can compare differences in code between your copy and the remote copy, and merge them.  Also, it's nice to have an offline copy of that so you can work on it offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or Github? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You could collaborate, but everyone would have to mail files between each other, and find a way to keep track of chnages.  It would be easier because one wouldn't have to take the time to learn the complications of version control and git, but any project sufficient amounts of complexity would become almost impossible to manage.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefit does each approach have?

You'd want to make changes in a separate branch if you are experimenting with different features. This does make things much more of a pain in the ass, though, when you are collaborating with other folks because it is difficult to track.


